Make bibtex work by adding refs, add maketitle to get a pdf (#116)
lsst/templates: project_templates/test_report/{{cookiecutter.series.upper()}}-{{cookiecutter.serial_number}}/{{cookiecutter.series.upper()}}-{{cookiecutter.serial_number}}.tex

The content is being prepared.
}

\maketitle

\section{Introduction}

> Use the github action "docgen from Jira" to have this document extracted from Jira.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the GitHub Actions workflow ``docgen from Jira'' to generate this document's content from Jira.
```
